Sun Microsystems, Inc.  Binary Code License
Agreement

READ THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY PROVIDED
SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE TERMS (COLLECTIVELY
"AGREEMENT") CAREFULLY BEFORE DOWNLOADING OR
USING THE SOFTWARE. BY DOWNLOADING OR USING THE
SOFTWARE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS OF THIS
AGREEMENT. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL THESE
TERMS, YOU ARE NOT AUTHORIZED TO DOWNLOAD OR USE
THE SOFTWARE IN ANY MANNER.

1. LICENSE TO USE.  Sun grants you a
non-exclusive and non-transferable license for
the internal use only, for the accompanying
software and documentation (collectively
"Software"). This is a one time code drop and
will not be updated or otherwise supported by
Sun.

2. RESTRICTIONS Software is confidential and
copyrighted. Title to Software and all associated
intellectual property rights is retained by Sun
and/or its licensors. Except as specifically
authorized in any Supplemental License Terms, you
may not make copies of Software, other than a
single copy of Software for archival purposes.
Unless enforcement is prohibited by applicable
law, you may not modify, decompile, reverse
engineer Software.

3. LIMITED WARRANTY. Sun warrants to you that for
a period of ninety (90) days from the date of
purchase, as evidenced by a copy of the receipt,
the media on which Software is furnished (if any)
will be free of defects in materials and
workmanship under normal use. Except for the
foregoing, Software is provided "AS IS". Your
exclusive remedy and Sun's entire liability under
this limited warranty will be at Sun's option to
replace Software media or refund the fee paid for
Software.

4. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. UNLESS SPECIFIED IN
THIS AGREEMENT, ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, ARE DISCLAIMED,
EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THESE DISCLAIMERS ARE
HELD TO BE LEGALLY INVALID. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT
SOFTWARE IS NOT DESIGNED OR INTENDED FOR USE IN
THE DESIGN, CONSTRUCTION, OPERATION, OR
MAINTENANCE OF ANY NUCLEAR FACILITY. SUN
DISCLAIMS ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF
FITNESS FOR SUCH USES.

5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE EXTENT NOT
PROHIBITED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT WILL SUN OR ITS
LICENSORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT
OR DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL,
INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED
REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING
OUT OF OR RELATED TO THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO
USE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF SUN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. In no event will
Sun's liability to you, whether in contract, tort
(including negligence), or otherwise, exceed the
amount paid by you for Software under this
Agreement. The foregoing limitations will apply
even if the above stated warranty fails of its
essential purpose.

6. Termination. This Agreement is effective until
terminated. You may terminate this Agreement at
any time by destroying all copies of Software.
This Agreement will terminate immediately without
notice from Sun if you fail to comply with any
provision of this Agreement. Upon Termination,
you must destroy all copies of Software.

7. Export Regulations. All Software and technical
data delivered under this Agreement are subject
to US export control laws and may be subject to
export or import regulations in other countries.
You agree to comply strictly with all such laws
and regulations and acknowledge that you have the
responsibility to obtain such licenses to export,
re-export, or import as may be required after
delivery to you.

8. U.S. Government Restricted Rights. Use,
duplication, or disclosure by the U.S. Government
is subject to restrictions set forth in this
Agreement and as provided in DFARS 227.7202-1 (a)
and 227.7202-3(a) (1995), DFARS 252.227-7013
(c)(1)(ii)(Oct 1988), FAR 12.212 (a) (1995), FAR
52.227-19 (June 1987), or FAR 52.227-14(ALT III)
(June 1987), as applicable.

9. Governing Law. Any action related to this
Agreement will be governed by California law and
controlling U.S. federal law. No choice of law
rules of any jurisdiction will apply.

10. Severability. If any provision of this
Agreement is held to be unenforceable, This
Agreement will remain in effect with the
provision omitted, unless omission would
frustrate the intent of the parties, in which
case this Agreement will immediately terminate.

11. Integration. This Agreement is the entire
agreement between you and Sun relating to its
subject matter. It supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous oral or written communications,
proposals, representations and warranties and
prevails over any conflicting or additional terms
of any quote, order, acknowledgment, or other
communication between the parties relating to its
subject matter during the term of this Agreement.
No modification of this Agreement will be
binding, unless in writing and signed by an
authorized representative of each party.

For inquiries please contact: Sun Microsystems,
Inc. 901 San Antonio Road, Palo Alto, California
94303



JIMI SDK, Version 2.0 SUPPLEMENTAL LICENSE TERMS

These supplemental terms ("Supplement") add to
the terms of the Binary Code License Agreement
("Agreement"). Capitalized terms not defined
herein shall have the same meanings ascribed to
them in the Agreement. The Supplement terms shall
supersede any inconsistent or conflicting terms
in the Agreement.

1. Limited License Grant.

a. Software Development License. Subject to your
obligation to indemnify Sun pursuant to Section 3
below, Sun grants to you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable limited license to use the
Software without fee for evaluation of the
Software and for development of Java(TM) applets
and applications provided that you may not
re-distribute the Software in whole or in part,
except as provided in Section 1.b below. The
Software may contain source code which is
provided for reference purposes only, and may not
be modified (except for the purpose of correcting
errors) or redistributed.

b. License to Distribute Runtime. Subject to your
obligation to indemnify Sun pursuant to Section 3
below, Sun grants to you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable limited, royalty-free license to
reproduce, distribute offer to sell and sell the
Software provided that you: (i)distribute the
Software complete and unmodified (except for
error corrections), only as part of, and for the
sole purpose of running, your Java applet or
application ("Program") into which the Software
is incorporated; (ii) do not distribute
additional software intended to replace any
component(s) of the Software; (iii) do not remove
or alter any proprietary legends or notices
contained in the Software; (iv) only distribute
the Program subject to a license agreement that
protects Sun's interests consistent with the
terms contained herein; and (v) may not create,
or authorize your licensees to create additional
classes, interfaces, or subpackages that are
contained in the "java" or "sun" packages or
similar as !  specified by Sun in any class file
naming convention.

 2. Java Platform Interface. In the event that
 Licensee creates an additional API(s) which: (i)
 extends the functionality of a Java Environment;
 and, (ii) is exposed to third party software
 developers for the purpose of developing
 additional software which invokes such
 additional API, Licensee must promptly publish
 broadly an accurate specification for such API
 for free use by all developers.

3.Indemnity to Sun. As a condition precedent to
each license grant in this Agreement, you agree
to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Sun and
its licensors from and against any and all
claims, lawsuits, liabilities, demands and
expenses (including attorneys' fees), that arise
or result from the use or distribution of the
Software or the Program, including without
limitation, those brought by Unisys Corporation,
its successors and assigns, with respect to U.S.
Patent Number 4,558,302 and all foreign
counterparts thereto which Unisys Corporation may
now have or acquire in the future (the "LZW
Patents") relating to your making, using,
selling, licensing, importing, offering to sell,
or otherwise transferring the GIF encoding and/or
decoding feature of the Software or the Program.
This Agreement does not grant any rights to you
with respect to the LZW Patents.

4. Trademarks and Logos. This Agreement does not
authorize you to use any Sun name, trademark or
logo. Licensee acknowledges as between it and Sun
that Sun owns the Java trademark and all
Java-related trademarks, logos and icons
including the Coffee Cup and Duke ("Java Marks")
and agrees to comply with the Java Trademark
Guidelines at
http://java.sun.com/trademarks.html.
